this is mitchell from gamefront and this
is LA noire this video walk fair will be
covering the downloadable traffic case a
slip of the tongue
she's at school
Xbox Live
call for a couple of black and whites to
flesh it out here
I thought your Marines were gung-ho Cole
even 45 don't you ever want to use it
I'll take the back just give me a few
seconds to get around
Cole Phelps LAPD all of you are coming
downtown with me
weapons on
let me see
I've got you now motherfucker
put your weapons down at your hands in
the air
try the door at the end I heard
something shoot keep your hands up
watching Bukowski he doesn't move until
I've tossed only three things need a
pickup in here there's the table to the
left with the two items right there and
then check his main desk for a box of
pink slips mark he printing company okay
there's nothing like going direct to the
source
betting slip looks like mr. light ball
has been on a losing streak
there enough slips here to keep them
stealing cars till Christmas we've got a
trail pink slips and stolen cars that
leads right to your door Bigelow you're
in this up to your neck but I don't
think you're the man in charge make it
easier on yourself give him up I had to
work on cars for customs you charged in
here shooting up the place likes the
ballot of bulge I can't give you
anything we know about Marquis printing
you can make this easier on yourself by
giving us your man on the inside I
sometimes your pea cause and put them
back on the road I need a pink stuff to
resell them there's no problem this guy
is a hilarious lying face let's watch it
for a bit and then doubt him there are
at least four Dead Men in this warehouse
couple more punks won't make for that
much extra paperwork we'd be doing a
legal system a favor okay okay tough guy
I get the message light fall guy runs
Marky he's the big shot like to spend
bigger the track yos be
like fall the guy was no luck at the
track tell me about him it's one of the
guys lying over there right there's no
look bullshit we saw light fall like
five minutes ago that's the best lie you
can come up with Bigelow hey would I lie
to you detective my exact in a good
position here now am
Gordon lightball owns marquee printing a
government print shop he's losing big at
the track he has he's big gold new
countries he's in Jaco with 20 grand
feds find out contracts will be all over
like vote plays ball all right Bigelow
the heat is off you play your cards
right and you'll be able to count your
time in Quentin on one hand
thanks for watching our video
walkthrough for LA noire and please
don't forget to Like comment and
subscribe to Gamefront for more LA noire
and much much more